Feature/m0078 ddg 355 improve mmm doc (#139)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/mmm.rst

       </dependencies>
   </ivy-module>        

Enable MMM Semantic
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The MMM semantic is enabled in a the module by adding the MicroEJ XML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MMM semantic is enabled in a module by adding the MicroEJ XML
```

Author: thanks.

> namespace in the ``ivy-module`` node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespace and the ``ej:version`` attribute in the ``ivy-module`` node:
```

Author: Thanks.

.. code:: xml

   <ivy-module xmlns:ej="https://developer.microej.com" ej:version="2.0.0">

.. note::

   Multiple namespaces can be declared in the ``ivy-module`` node.

> 

Reviewer 2: Indicate this is automatically set by Module Nature Skeletons

> Dependency Matching Rule

Reviewer 2: Module Dependency

- Add the default line and explain this is "compatible"
- Matchind Rule
- Visibility

.. list-table::
   :widths: 2 2 3
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name
     - Range Notation
     - Semantic
   * - compatible
     - [M.m.p-RC, (M+1).0.0-RC[
     - Equal or up to next major version.  Default if not set.
   * - equivalent
     - [M.m.p-RC, M.(m+1).0-RC [
     - Equal or up to next minor version
   * - greaterOrEqual
     - [M.m.p-RC, ∞[
     - Equal or greater versions
   * - perfect
     - [M.m.p-RC, M.m.(p+1)-RC[
     - Exact match (strong dependency)

Set the matching rule of a given dependency with ``ej:match="matching rule"``.  For example:

.. code-block:: xml

   <dependency org="ORG" name="NAME" rev="MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH" ej:match="perfect" />

Automatic Update Before Resolution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Easyant plugin ``ivy-update`` can be used to automatically update
the version (attribute ``rev``) of every module dependencies declared.

.. code-block:: xml

   <info organisation="[organisation]" module="[name]" status="integration" revision="[version]">
       <ea:plugin org="com.is2t.easyant.plugins" name="ivy-update" revision="1.+" />
   </info>

When the plugin is enabled, for each module dependency, MMM will check

> the version declared in the module file and update it to the latest
> version available if and only if it satisfies the matching rule of the
> dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the version declared in the module file and update it to the highest
version available which satisfies the matching rule of the
dependency.
```

> Dependency Visibility

Reviewer 2: moved to Module Denpendency
